Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a horror movie from
2020, called Anything for Jackson.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
An old couple are seen having a casual conversation
in their home.
They are wondering if a woman has arrived
already, then they hear her outside and follow
after her.
Suddenly, they're seen dragging a woman inside
the house, as the wife says mind the baby
and hits the woman over the head.
The husband takes the woman upstairs with
the elevator, as the wife closes the front
door.
The woman is seen gaged and a child's hand
is touching her on the face.
She wakes up frantic, seeing a child next
to her, greeting her.
The wife calls out that she's awake and when
the husband joins them, she introduces herself
as Audrey and him as Henry.
She tells the woman - Shannon, that they felt
this would be the best way for her to go missing.
Audrey says that they won't hurt her or her
baby, then sends Henry off to do the test.
He's outside and as the woman starts screaming
inside the house, he calls his wife and tells
her that nothing can be heard outside.
Shannon asks what they want from her and Audrey
tells her that they need to bring their grandson
back.
When she asks if the boy in the room is the
grandson, the old woman is surprised that
she can see him because he's dead.
Audrey puts on some music in the room, saying
Jackson loves music and leaves her alone with
him.
Audrey tells Henry that Jackson showed himself
to the woman, which makes him happy.
He leaves for work and on his way out runs
into Rory.
Audrey comes back into the room, bringing
vitamins for the woman and going through her
things, taking her phone out of her pocket,
as well as some pills.
When she leaves for a moment to get her glasses,
the woman grabs the phone, but is quickly
stopped by Audrey coming back in the room.
She unlocks her phone and goes on her social
media, sending a message to a man to meet
her later that day.
Audrey calls Henry at work and tells him it's
done.
At his practice, his assistant asks about
Shannon, who was his patient and if she'll
be coming in soon considering she's nearing
her due date.
He lies his way out of the situation.
In a flashback, the old couple is seen with
an ancient book preparing to raise a raven
back from the dead.
Audrey chants an incantation and the raven
is brought back.
Henry doesn't like what she's doing, but she
tells him that she only needed proof if the
book is real.
Back in the present, the two of them walk
to a community center, trying to keep up appearances
and they meet with Ian.
He tells them that he couldn't find the book
they already have and Audrey is upset he might
tell someone about it.
They walk into a Satanist meeting.
As everyone puts on their robes and light
black candles, the main priestess starts the
prayer to Satan.
In another flashback, Henry is talking to
Shannon as her doctor, telling her that she's
pregnant.
She's not happy about it, considering she
doesn't even know the fathers name.
As he's trying to calm her, he also texts
his wife that he found the right one and takes
a picture of Shannon for his wife.
The same picture is seen on the wall in the
room she's sleeping in.
She coughs up blood, waking up to see that
the couple have prepared the room for a Satanist
ceremony.
She begs them not to go through with it, as
they are already praying and inviting Satan
into their home.
They both cut their hands to offer their blood
and spill it onto a heart, when Shannon begins
convulsing.
They pray in Latin, as everything in the room
animates and they finally see Jackson in the
room.
He points toward the woman, as Audrey keeps
reading and then he disappears.
A demon appears next to Shannon for a few
moments and when it's gone, the couple check
to see how she is and hear the baby's heartbeat.
Audrey thinks it's Jackson's heartbeat, but
Henry isn't convinced.
The following morning Henry wakes up and Audrey
isn't next to him.
He looks over to the bathroom and a woman
is flossing her teeth, as he keeps talking
to her, thinking it's Audrey.
Suddenly, his wife calls him on the phone
and he realizes that the woman in the bathroom
isn't Audrey.
She doesn't stop flossing her teeth and they
keep falling on the ground.
She turns and walks toward Henry.
Suddenly, Audrey comes in the room and the
woman disappears.
Later, he's working in his office, when a
police officer comes to see him.
Detective Bellows tells him that Shannon is
a missing person and that she's tracing her
steps.
Henry lies that she canceled her appointment,
but his assistant reminds him of the lie he
told her before, that he saw her walking by
his house the day she went missing.
The detective isn't fooled by his shenanigans.
He calls Audrey and tells her what happened,
but she doesn't take the fact that he changed
the plan lightly.
Suddenly, there's a knock on the door and
she goes to answer it.
There's a ghost trick-or-treating on the other
side.
Audrey dismisses the ghost and closes the
door, but there's another knock.
She opens the back door and the ghost is there
too.
Immediately as she closes that one the ghost
knocks on another door, inside the house.
She walks upstairs to call Henry, but hears
running in the house and when she looks down,
it's the little ghost.
She finally reaches Henry on the phone and
tells him what is happening, when he tells
her to give the ghost her soul.
She chases after the ghost to the elevator,
but it comes out of it transformed into a
giant version of itself.
Later, Shannon asks Audrey why she was screaming
before and she says that her daughter came
to see her.
She avoids the question about what happened
to her daughter.
Shannon is left alone in the room and immediately
tries to escape, but when she reaches to one
of her restraints, sees a man suffocating
next to her bed.
He stands up, walks around the room, then
notices her and walks back to her, crawling
on top of her and biting into her pregnant
belly as she screams for Audrey.
She's at the door and can't get it open, but
when she finally does, the suffocating ghost
runs toward her.
Suddenly Henry appears, stopping the ghostly
manifestation.
The couple are getting ready for bed, as Henry
tells her that he stitched up Shannon and
she'll be alright.
Audrey doesn't know what they did and wonders
if they made a mistake.
In a flashback, Henry meets with Shannon outside
of his house.
She's excited to be a mom, not afraid anymore.
Back in the present, Rory comes back and Henry
goes to meet him, while Audrey plans to sedate
Shannon.
The two men talk outside, but the man is persistent
to clean his drive way.
He starts the machine in front of the house,
as Audrey and Henry argue inside.
She's afraid that they did the ritual wrong
and Jackson isn't there.
Rory calls out to them from the front yard
and says that they did it right and Jackson
is coming back to them, then suddenly puts
his head inside the machine.
Later, Audrey goes inside the room to clean
Shannon up.
She removes the restraints and puts a cozy
on the handcuffs.
Shannon asks if they'll kill her after they
get the baby, but Audrey says that their rule
was not to harm her.
As they talk, the door of the room opens and
Audrey tells her that she reminds her of her
daughter.
She was in the same accident with Jackson,
but didn't die right away.
She killed herself in the elevator in the
house.
Meanwhile, Henry is burying Rory in the woods,
when his phone rings.
It's the detective doing a follow up with
him, asking to come and see him.
He tries to get some information out of her
and she avoids his questions.
She tells him she'll meet him at the house
in an hour.
Back at the room, Shannon pleads with Audrey
to let her be Jackson's mom, along with them,
to look after him after they die.
She says she'll do whatever they want.
There's a knock on the door, so Audrey gags
her again and leaves locking the door behind
her, but the door unlocks by itself.
Henry runs home, but the detective is there
already.
She's waiting for him inside Shannon's room,
with Audrey handcuffed next to her.
She tells him to get on his knees, as Shannon
is begging for her to let her out, but the
detective turns to her and calmly kills herself.
Henry releases Audrey from the cuffs and they
get the detective's body out of the room.
Henry buries her in the same place as Rory.
The next day, Audrey tries to tell him about
Shannon's request, but there's a knock on
the door.
It's Ian, asking for the book.
They show him the book and Henry tells him
the story of how he got it.
Audrey asks if he could read it, to which
he says that it's been written in different
languages and dialects, and is possibly the
oldest book in the world.
They ask about the invocation spell and he
tells them to show him exactly what they did
when they used it.
When they do, he says that once the door to
purgatory is opened, every ghost there will
be looking for a host.
He asks about the host they used and they
take him to Shannon.
They ask Ian if Jackson is in there and he
replies that he isn't, but that he can be.
They need to finish the ceremony by making
a sacrifice of the mother.
Ian says he can perform the ceremony, if they
allow him to keep the book and give him 10
thousand dollars.
He will perform the ceremony the next day,
but they need to put rock salt around Shannon
and themselves to keep the other ghosts away.
That night, both Henry and Audrey are in the
room with Shannon, having put salt around
the entire thing.
Shannon tells Henry about her idea for the
baby, but he says she can't win a moral argument
with him because he already made a deal with
the devil.
He tells her that Audrey was the one driving
the car when Jackson died, but she couldn't
remember.
Henry is doing all of it for her.
Suddenly, the ghost of the detective walks
in and kills herself all over again.
Ian is in his basement, reading the book,
when his mom calls him up for lunch.
He angrily grabs his stuff and leaves.
Then, he arrives at the house and as he walks
in the bedroom, the detective appears behind
him.
The others aren't surprised by that anymore,
saying she's been doing that all night.
Ian starts right away, giving the couple instructions
on what to read.
The detective walks in again.
He says that salt just slows them down, but
a sacrifice will stop them.
Ian continues with the instructions as the
detective shows up again, but doesn't shoot
herself this time.
Him and Henry go outside and he measures where
certain objects should be placed around the
house.
He tells Henry that he is the one that needs
to kill the mother, without hesitation.
Because if he does hesitate, they will all
die.
Back in the room, Audrey is drawing a pentagram,
as Shannon tries to distract her.
She asks for some food and Audrey goes out
to get some.
Shannon breaks out from her restraints and
pours water on herself, pretending she's having
the baby.
Audrey comes in and calls for Henry.
She's getting Shannon ready as the two men
come in.
Ian disturbs the salt as he walks inside.
He immediately starts reading from the book,
as Audrey is worried if Jackson is in there
and Henry keeps getting messages from the
priestess of their cult.
The pentagram starts shining and Ian says
it's working.
Henry picks up and it's the priestess telling
him that Ian killed his mother and drew symbols
on his house.
He tells Audrey that something is wrong with
Ian, but tells him to keep going.
Shannon gets out of her restraints and grabs
Audrey, saying she'll cut her throat if Henry
doesn't undo her legs.
Both Audrey and Ian tell him not to do it.
But Henry still does it, then Ian kills Audrey
saying a mother's a mother.
He spills blood at Henry and continues the
ceremony, while Shannon is trying to get out
of the restraints and Audrey dies in Henry's
arms.
Suddenly Shannon stabs Ian and a giggling
ghost comes in and grabs him, taking him away.
He can be heard screaming in the other room,
as Shannon tries to get out.
Suddenly, the suffocating ghost rises behind
her and goes toward her.
Henry tells her to go and to forgive them.
At that moment something starts coming out
of Audrey's body and scares the other ghost.
The same happens to Henry and Shannon runs
away.
She sees the giggling ghost and escapes, then
the other two and goes to open the door, when
the giant ghost appears outside.
She slams the door.
Meanwhile, from the dead bodies of Audrey
and Henry, a creature has risen.
Shannon is in the kitchen when she sees the
keys, but suddenly the detective appears and
walk up to her, saying she'll protect her.
The creature walks out of the bedroom.
Shannon comes out of the house and sees Rory
there, but walks past by him.
She looks up and sees Jackson in the window,
being taken away the next moment.
Shannon drives away, but as she's driving
through the woods she sees something on the
road.
On a second look she notices it's a pregnant
woman.
She looks down and sees blood on her belly.